v5.17.15 (#7145)
mui/mui-x: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
See [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org) for commit guidelines.

## 5.17.15

_Dec 8, 2022_

We'd like to offer a big thanks to the 4 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

- ✨ Fix lazy-loading not working in `DataGridPremium` (#7130) @m4theushw
- 🐞 Bugfixes

### `@mui/x-data-grid@v5.17.15` / `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@v5.17.15` / `@mui/x-data-grid-premium@v5.17.15`

#### Changes

- [DataGridPremium] Add support for lazy-loading (#7130) @m4theushw
- [DataGridPremium] Pass `groupId` to the aggregation function (#7143) @m4theushw

### `@mui/x-date-pickers@v5.0.10` / `@mui/x-date-pickers-pro@v5.0.10`

#### Changes

- [pickers] Initialize date without time when selecting year or month (#7136) @LukasTy

### Docs

- [docs] Fix the nested import on the api pages (#7134) @flaviendelangle

> - [docs] Keep track of localization completion (cherry-pick #7002) (#7099) @alexfauquette

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [docs] Keep track of the localization completion (#7099) @alexfauquette
```
